You guys welcome back.
So it's finally time to get started with our actual music player aspect of the site.
So this is our index page of the moment.
Remember we put this here just to test it it worked.
I'm going to start off with the Now Playing bar at the bottom which looks like this.
This sort of thing.
So go ahead and open index up.
HP It's already open.
So we're doing with these register phones now.
The indexed file.
And you see this is where we have so get rid of that help.
We don't need that anymore.
Next one more space and let's jump right into it.
Let's start with Dave.
This is going to be the container for our now playing bar so we can give it an idea of now playing bar
container.
I know it's a long name but it's a good one because it's descriptive and descriptive names are better
than short names because if you have to come back to l.a. you can easily see what this elements purposes
just by reading the idea of you going.
So now playing a container and what we might do with this is just style as we go.
So if just added this div onto there.
Okay save that and refresh the page you won't see any difference except from the helo disappears.
But inspect 11 on this now.
And open the body up in the body up again you see our container that we had it and then go to our style
right here.
Let's just give this in St. Louis as you see something happening as a 100 percent okay so spans across
the whole page as a background colour is going to be 2 8 2 8 to 8.
And I have that colouring down here so I know that's the rally we want but it's just like a slightly
lighter than completely black.
OK.
And the reason we're not seeing anything at the moment is because this doesn't have a height set.
So if we just say height just to see what happens hundred pixels.
OK.
We're going to get rid of this higher actually though so we just cover it high there so.
Actually see what's happening.
So high 100 pixels temporarily.
And then we at this at the bottom of the page.
So when I say bottom zero like that you won't see at the bottom yet because we have to change the position
so positions can be fixed like that.
Okay so now this appears at the bottom.
It will always at the bottom.
See in the middle where the bottom is you stay at the bottom and then there's also starts have min width
so a minimum width of 620 pixels or something like that around that's fine.
All that means is when you recycled the window this content will only get a scenario has six engine
20 pixels.
And as for this gap round here we actually fix this this same sort of thing in the register page which
is estimate to the h.t. email amman's and the body elements have no margin and no padding.
So we'll fix that soon so for now just ignore that we'll get to that.
So this does fine.
Copy and paste that goes back to here.
But we don't actually have a style page yet.
Okay so we have to create one.
So create a new file command and file new file however you want to do it.
And this is going to be our style the csx file.
So say this in assets it's.
And then just call it style DOS assess save there and then this is now playing bar container.
So eidy now.
Now playing bar container.
Put that in there.
And it is per comment.
Next the height so we do remember to remove that so
remove later.
Okay just so we need to get rid of that.
Hi.
I'll explain that.
And I explained why we're going to move that later a bit later.
So save that for an hour.
And before we check it we have to actually link to this file.
So in the index appear to be in the head section here and in each title say link press tab.
And that puts a stylesheet actually in an eight hft just going to be as it's slash csx slash style.
Yes yes save that and then refresh this page will hopefully still see our style.
There we go.
And you see a haslinda our style sheet right here.
And as far as that gap goes like a sable address that later at that time is now.
So let's go to our style sheet and do a cmo comma body which means it's been applied to both A's male
amants and the body elements because you see there's an atrium area here and the body element here and
then just put padding zero and then margin zero just like that.
And also height 100 percent like that.
OK.
Now first the pay gap will have gone and it has great debt that's now playing by content.
Next thing to do is stop some component here.
It's buttons in our sliders.